OK, hello.
First we tested our Canada's food
inflation over the six decades resulting
the P is less than 0.
05 and represent the significant upward
trends redefining our world CPA data sets.
And similarly over here we can see
similar result as per the previous one.
Today we have used a different data set
and we have different methods to change
our to make our data set readable.
First we have done with the missing value
filter which we have set the threshold of
0.
4 at 40% like means 40% of missing value.
If there are any columns and 40 version
missing value it will be removed.
Similarly with the low variance filter if
the threshold is 0 point less than the
variant will be less than of 0.
01 it will be removed.
In missing value filter we change the
another values with Nan value with the
medians and if you have to go to calling
of this function and we can see how we
did have calculated dropping missing
values if we have removed these columns
from the table and also we have reshaped
the these filter values.
Similarly in the low variance,
we have changed the shape of the data set
by removing checking the threshold and
this is the result for that one.
Thank you.